Hong-Coleman: "This is an absolute outrage!" Said Shoushan Han in a recent emergency address following the fall of Mercury One. "The Silverton Families have clearly shown their incompetence in managing their colonies. Silverton's failures have now put all of Perax at risk, the control of Mercury One under the hands of terrorists threatens the safety and security of all citizens. It is clear to us that SIlverton is not fit to support the security of Perax. Hong-Coleman therefore is once again affirming our commitment to securing the peace on Perax. We will continue to demonstrate the strength required to keep law and order which only Hong-Coleman is capable of providing." Shoushan Han concluded that the recent completion of Hong-Coleman's ECHO-Pattern satellite network now provides unparalleled capabilities for Hong-Coleman.

TiTech: Partial transcript of statement released by Kamden Gardner.
"The fall of Mercury One is a devastating blow to the stability of Perax. There is little doubt that an event of this magnitude will change the course of Perax's future. Although we may be heading into uncertain times, Stellar Titanics Technologies stands strong against the incoming tides. Ambitious groups may see these times as opportunities to expand their influence. Ambitions backed by corpo-states who do not have Perax's best interests at heart. TiTech remains steadfast as the other colonies breach long held treaties. TiTech will ensure these ambitions falter and fail. As I speak our navy is beginning to mobilize en masse. We will meet whoever stands in the way of Perax's independence swiftly and decisively."

Perax Missile Intercept Force: Statement by Chairwomen Ayesha Hafiz
"The situation on Mercury One has prompted us to open up investigations into the validity of the claims of long range kinetic bombardment weapons stored on Mercury One. Our mission is to oversee the monitoring and enforcement of missile launches of all types. Our task force will act on the behalf of The Colonies in the investigation of Mercury One's facilities and capabilities, including but not limited to: examination of original and updated blueprints, long and close range scans, and physical searches. We know many of you will have questions regarding the feasibility of physical searches given the current situation on Mercury One. To that I ask for your patience as we continue to gather more details in order to formulate the execution of a plan that ensures the continued success of our mission. As our continued success ensures the safety of Perax citizens everywhere. Thank you."
Among the questions asked of Chairwomen Hafiz, the status of Hong-Coleman's "ECHO Pattern" satellite was determined to be purely non-kinetic. In addition Hong-Coleman's "FLASH-FIRE" constellation operational range capacity, while classified, was determined to be within the currently agreed upon limits.

Silverton: Recording of a live broadcast by Celina Casella, mere hours after the fall of Mercury One
"Today marks a dark day in the history of Silverton. The crown jewel of our colony here on Perax has fallen to a group of terrorists backed by a traitorous mercenary group. Our enemies think to divide us, to bend and break us. We do not bend! We do not break! The ties that bind us are stronger than our enemies know. My citizens, I call upon you, it is time to expand our ranks. The Brotherhood of Blades is now seeking new Squires. Prove yourself, no matter who you are, in 'The Sword in Stone' and claim your destiny as a devoted defender of Silverton. Our enemies will know what it means to be Silverton."
	
Brightstar Colonies: BSC News Segment on Rokurou Masuda's Response
Rokurou Masuda briefly comments on the Mercury One situation, calling it "A worrying event" and is concerned regarding "the escalation in violence that may follow." "I have remained silent on recent events as they seemed simple 'saber-rattling' by the other colonies. However now I fear we may have passed a point of no return. I encourage the colonies to come together at the table and let cooler heads prevail. Our scientists have been making notable discoveries regarding the ecosystem of Perax, an ecosystem that we all still have much to learn about. Conflict threatens to irreversibly damage this ecosystem, and I strongly remind all of my peers across the colonies of the great Fall we all come from. Let us not make the same mistake twice and think about what we may drag Perax into."

Clearday: 
During a recent speech congratulating the triumph of Mercury One's liberation Cynthia Jenkell, leader of the New Dawn party, was shot by an unknown assailant. Prime Minister Jenkell was immediately taken to a nearby hospital where she remains in critical condition. Clearday Intelligence Center's Public Security Division has released some details regarding the initial investigation into the shooter. The caliber of the bullet used indicates a high powered rifle was used in the attack. More importantly however, the examination of the bullet has yielded the discovery of advanced micro-ballistic-adjusters. In addition self-immolating technology was also found, PSD declaring that some of it "failed" to function. The use of "Smart Bullets" are clear indications of state level actors at play. Meanwhile calls for investigations into the failings of the Public Security Division in preventing this tragedy continue to escalate.
