### Groundbreaking Study led by the Prestigious 'FLIGHTLESS BIRD' Group within BrightStar Colonies

The following part of a two-part study has been officially released by BrightStar. The study, led by the prestigious FLIGHTLESS BIRD group, recorded the observed aggressiveness in native Perax fauna and compared that to measured levels of human activity in selected locations of varied colonial development. This study, which had been ongoing since BrightStar first began exploration of the Perax ecosystem, was granted additional funding and deemed of the utmost importance. Thus the study has been split in two:  

1) This first study focuses on determining if there is a definite causal link between fauna aggressiveness and human activity. Utilizing both publicly available data and field research record the various levels of observed aggression and human activity in selected locations. These locations have primarily been around BrightStar territories. However, thanks to the recent tensions on Perax I, the study has been able to model additional areas outside BrightStar territories greatly expanding the scope and results of the study. Then, utilizing established patterns of life behaviors of observed species as a baseline, determine the Δσ of Hoidford’s theorem. Once Δσ has been calculated, using the newly developed Perax Index, determine the various Thresholds of Danger in the selected locations.  

2) The follow-up study, which takes the outputs of the first, utilizes the determined Thresholds of Danger to extrapolate the Predicted Ecological Impact of each of the colonial establishments. This will involve the classic Frontier Migration Theorem which requires extensive colonial pattern of life modeling. As this will require a consideration of each colonies’ Wants-And-Needs through colonial study and diplomatic dialogue, this second study is expected to be somewhat delayed. With the current situation of Perax I the FLIGHTLESS BIRD group is “willing and determined” to engage the various colonies on the follow-up study. Further details are to be addressed at the post-release forum discussions.  

The paper is available by request, please inquire with the BrightStar Office of Public Affairs.  

[A link to the Office's website is available at the end of the article.]