### ALRIGHT LISTEN UP

Noah's missing a little bit of the big picture here. Yes he's *PARTIALLY* correct that the conflict on Perax has been static at first glance. But NOAH's missing the minute changes both forces have been taking which is no surprise from someone used to just managing traffic lights. Hong-Coleman & TiTech have been **EXTENSIVELY** analyzing each other's responses to every shell, missile, and bullet fired. The Bleeding Valley has been a REAL GOOD source of evidence for this as SISYPHUS so cryptically pointed out. But you guys probably already figured that, you don't wage war without wargaming first. So what's it all mean? That this war is going to get dead-locked real fast. In fact we think it *already* has.  

One of the best indicators for this is the size, strength, and composition of both side’s standard forces (ya’know, tanks and stuff). Both sides have been doing a good job at hiding a lot of this, but you can’t hide all of it (okay well someone like the Armory can but these guys are nowhere near that level). From what we can gather from the composition of both side’s standard forces (data which ATHENA left behind for us - NO IDEA how she managed to get it) neither side is ready for a full assault. FAR from ready. Hong-Coleman and TiTech are locked in what can be somewhat-accurately-but-not-really described as a virtual arms race. Except the arms in this case is their confidence in their predictions. Both sides are very evenly, though asymmetrically, matched. And barring major outside interference or an absolute miscalculation, we don’t see that changing.

“Okay, great, what’s this mean for us?” you probably ask. FANTASTIC I’M GLAD YOU ASKED. Expect more spillover (READ: COLLATERAL DAMAGE) as each side authorizes more and more expansive strikes. Expect harder lines to get drawn between Hong-Coleman/TiTech and Silverton/BrightStar. Most importantly, expect EXTREMELY DANGEROUS contracts to start coming in. As both sides try to find the blindspot in the other’s strategy, they’ll start breaking away from what their predictions tell them. And they are not going to risk any of their people on such gambits. No, what poor, expendable saps are better suited for that then mercenaries like us? Don’t be surprised if contracts start hitting deeper and deeper into Hong-Coleman or TiTech territory or, as you saw with DESOLATE INTERVENTION, assassination of very high ranking or notable figures.  

NOW THAT BEING SAID, who knows what the future may hold. There are clearly some extremely talented minds being employed by both sides, aided by some powerful NHPs. It took all three of us, a lot of data, and the extra juice from the fancy new reactor to ingest all that data. SIlverton and BrightStar represent huge unknowns in the conflict that could swing it, or perhaps they don’t even matter at all! Be mindful of every action.


