# Mission // #002
## MISSION 2 - OPERATION "DOUSED FORGE" BRIEFING

###We've got a lot riding on this one. The intelligence you've gathered suggesting not only the size and scope of the Redforge Independence Movement but also the possiblility of Clearday influence has Hong-Coleman on edge. They'd prefer the situation dealt with swiftly and without chance for retaliation by the Independents to avoid a larger diplomatic incident. The payday is big on this one, which is why both Alpha and Beta teams will be deploying together to ensure operational success.

###The Redforge Independence Movement has established storehouses throughout Redforge, using the city as their own personal shield; abandoned warehouses in commercial districts, manufactury plants, and even homes have been converted into supply and operational bases ready to arm and equip Independents as a moment's notice.

###Their disjointed organizational structure makes them like fleas on a dog, hidden everywhere, but it's also their weakness: we'll begin by taking control of an abandoned communications base well outside city limits. Sweeps of the area indicate that Howling Dogs are squatting in the area, so you'll need to clear them out. Looks like your typical complement of mechs, mostly their melee and close-range combatants, but it appears artillery units have been deployed at the base as well. You'll be in the wilds so collateral damage is a non-factor, but make sure not to destroy the base!

###Once we take the base, we'll be able to configure it to block radio signals and communications; that transceiver you got from Anatolya gives us all the data we need to block the Independent's communications systems. Once that's done, Alpha and Beta teams will assault and seize Redforge's main power generation and distribution center. Taking control of the center, we'll orchestrate a surgical blackout across the city without affecting critical facilities such as the city's hospitals. Without access to power or communications, it should be a simple matter to destroy critical assets to the Independence Movement: Beta team will sweep some of the more significant storehouses throughout Redforge, while Alpha team goes for the throat: the manufacturing/assembly plants. Once Alpha team takes the plants, the Independent's will be cut off from their main depot of armaments the Independents should collapse in short order as we continue to sweep their storehouses and destroy what's left of their smuggled hardware; ideally we are also able to secure or terminate the Independent's leadership, but destruction of their military assets is our primary goal.

###And I feel like this should go without saying, but fighting within the city limits means we should limit any collateral damage to the city infrastructure. Destruction should be limited to identified Independent's storehouses. Yes, this means YOU, Scorch. Keep the heavy weapons at home.

###Beta team, you're not fighting raiders anymore. This is going to test your limits. Follow Alpha team's lead and direction and you'll make it out OK.

###Good luck and good hunting.

# Goals

# Stakes
##ANTICIPATED OPFOR

##HOWLING DOGS
#- "AVALANCHE" (BERSERKER-PG)
#- "WILDFIRE" (PYRO-PG)
#- "ERUPTION" (ELITE DEMOLISHER-PG)
#- UNIDENTIFIED ARTILLERY MECHS (DUG-IN AMONG COMMS BASE)

##REDFORGE INDEPENDENCE MOVEMENT
#- SSC "BUCKEYE" (SENTINEL-PG) <<Combat Shotgun & Sword, it can Slow itself to Overwatch 1/Turn instead of 1/Round; the BUCKEYE is armed with Punisher ammunition which Slows targets on successful Overwatch and can Boost in reaction to enemy movement>>
#- GMS "YELLOWSTONE" (SEEDER-PG) <<A Grav-Grenade launcher knocksback targets hit, ideally into its planted mines, of which it has four varieties: Explosive, Sealant (Immobilizes targets), Shock (Jams targets), and Stunning>>
#- GMS "GIBBON" (ASSASSIN-PG) <<Armed with a Heated Blade, deals additional damage against Prone/Shredded/Immobilized/Stunned targets; once they mark a target for death, they become resistant to that target's attacks and more deadly towards them, leaping in from great distances and attempting to knock them Prone. They excel against single, isolated targets>>

# Reserves
